{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f19\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f20\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f22\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f23\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f24\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f115\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f116\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f118\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f119\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}
{\f120\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \lang2057\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*
\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Neal Rushforth}{\operator rushfn}{\creatim\yr2001\mo11\dy28\hr20\min13}{\revtim\yr2003\mo4\dy4\hr9\min26}{\version4}{\edmins7}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords1046}{\nofchars5963}
{\*\company Samantha Jane Rushforth}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \lang2057\cgrid {\f16\fs20\cf6\lang1046 TabDock Control Revisions
\par }{\f16\fs18\cf15\lang1046 Revision 2 (October, 2001)
\par }{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\cf1\lang1046 Always check this document in order to get information about changes made to this control.
\par Some modifications were sent to me by other authors. 
\par }{\f16\fs20\lang1046 
\par }{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 Revisions
\par }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Date\tab \tab Author\tab Description}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 05/01/2000\tab MVS\tab - Added Style property.
\par 05/06/2000\tab MVS\tab - Cleaned up doc.
\par 05/09/2000\tab MVS\tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.0}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 05/10/2000\tab MVS\tab - Docking, moving, resizing reformulated
\par \tab \tab \tab - Created method "TabDock.Show()" to display 
\par \tab \tab \tab   the system panels and forms.
\par \tab \tab \tab - Created Properties "PanelWidth" and "PanelHeight"
\par \tab \tab \tab - MDI child support not available yet.
\par \tab \tab \tab - Top Panel coming first then a  toolbar in a form was fixed.
\par \tab \tab \tab - Bottom Panel after the statusbar in a form was fixed.
\par \tab \tab \tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.1}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 05/12/2000\tab MVS\tab - Minor doc changes
\par \tab \tab \tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.2}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 06/01/2000\tab MVS\tab - Support for MDI forms
\par \tab \tab \tab - Double Clicking caption bar dock/undock the form
\par \tab \tab \tab - Converted TabDockHost from Control to Class module
\par 06/05/2000\tab TED\tab - No need to uncheck the "remove unused ActiveX..." 
\par \tab \tab \tab   from project's MAKE TAB properties (Thanks Ted Dolson!)
\par \tab \tab \tab - Host now is a PictureBox that is loaded at run-time by the 
\par \tab \tab \tab   TabDock.LoadControl() Private Method
\par 06/12/2000\tab BOH\tab - Style Property is now working fine
\par \tab \tab \tab - changing docked/undocked form's caption restore the sysmenu 
\par \tab \tab \tab   was fixed (Thanks BobHoh!)
\par 06/13/2000\tab MVS\tab - Added several error handlers to prevent VB crashes
\par 06/15/2000\tab MVS\tab - Close button now hides de form
\par \tab \tab \tab - Added FormHide() and FormShow() Events. They are fired 
\par \tab \tab \tab   when the DockedForm Hides or Shows up
\par 06/23/2000\tab MVS\tab - PopupMenu when a user right-click the form caption bar 
\par \tab \tab \tab   showing dockable and hide options
\par \tab \tab \tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.3}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 07/15/2000\tab MVS\tab - Restricted host resizing over opposite hosts
\par 08/02/2000\tab MRY\tab - Fixed auto form arranging during horizontal splitting (Thanks Mary AH)
\par 08/10/2000\tab MVS\tab - Removed flickering when docking into an invisible host (run-time)
\par 08/17/2000\tab MVS\tab - Created Styles enumeration to override constant module values in demo project
\par 08/17/2000\tab MVS\tab - ATTENTION! Changed states names docked/undocked to tdDocked/tdUndocked
\par 08/17/2000\tab MVS\tab - Created Align properties for future purposes, do not use vb align properties \tab \tab \tab   (vbAlignLeft...)
\par 08/17/2000\tab MVS\tab - Reduced splitting area between forms and sizing grips}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 08/20/2000\tab MVS\tab - Removed popup context menu. Added MouseUp/Down events}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 08/20/2000\tab MVS\tab - Removed direct object storage from TDockForm and TTabDockHost.
\par \tab \tab \tab   I'm using a Slimy Hack instead through ObjectFromPtr() and PtrFromObject() properties.
\par \tab \tab \tab   This was extracted from vbaccelerator website on subclassing articles.
\par 08/23/2000\tab MVS\tab - Closing form by close button is working fine}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 08/27/2000     \tab MVS      - ATTENTION! Changed TTabDock.Add() method to TTabDock.AddForm() method.
\par 08/27/2000      \tab MVS      - Executable program GPF error was fixed. (Good, very good!). Thanks to \tab \tab \tab   vbaccelarator.com articles!
\par 08/27/2000      \tab MVS      - Added a Resource file (TabDock.RES) for holding custom splitting cursors and other stuff.
\par 08/28/2000\tab MVS\tab - Cleaned up doc
\par 08/30/2000\tab MVS\tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.4}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 09/09/2000\tab MVS\tab - Replaced form transparency for border wrapping (faster). Thanks linda \tab \tab \tab   (linda.69@mailcity.com) 
\par 09/09/2000\tab MVS\tab - Added "Style" property [tdStandard, tdFlat].
\par \tab \tab \tab - Added "PanelResize()" event, raised when the user resizes a specific panel
\par 09/27/2000\tab MVS\tab - Fixed panel visibility (visible property) when contained docked forms are invisible
\par 09/27/2000\tab MVS\tab - Added popup context menu with [Dockable, Hide] items
\par \tab \tab \tab - Changed "TabDock.Hosts" property to "TabDock.Panels"}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 \tab \tab \tab - Created "TMenuItem" and "TMenuItems" classes and TabDock.AddMenu() method to \tab \tab \tab   handle user defined context menu items
\par \tab \tab \tab - Added "TabDock.Visible" property that hide/show the panel system}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 \tab \tab \tab - Added "TabDockHost.Resizable" property that allow panel/forms resizing or not}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 10/06/2000\tab MVS\tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.5}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 10/07/2000\tab MVS\tab - Created "tdShowInvisible" style which allow the docked form to be invisible after \tab \tab \tab   TabDock.Show() method is executed.
\par \tab \tab \tab - Cleaned up doc
\par 15/10/2000       \tab MVS\tab - Added Border style property with 11 styles to choose from and enhance docking \tab \tab \tab   appearance
\par 17/11/2000\tab MVS\tab - Rebuild class cSplitDDC from Steve McMahon (vbaccelarator) to accomplish specific \tab \tab \tab   needs
\par 20/11/2000  \tab MVS\tab - Created a friend Method TriggerEvent() that is responsible for handling all TabDock \tab \tab \tab   events. This replaces several Friend proc to raise user events. 
\par 22/11/2000\tab MVS\tab - Added to form border wrapping, DraEdge()  API for handling BorderStyle property
\par 25/12/2000\tab MVS\tab - Merry Christmas ;)
\par 29/12/2000\tab MVS\tab - Removed the popup context menu handler. If you want a popup menu just control it by \tab \tab \tab   by using the CaptionClick() Event added to the control
\par 01/01/2001\tab MVS\tab - Happy New Year
\par 01/01/2001\tab MVS\tab - Fix for vertical splitting cursor clipping area   }{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 10/01/2001\tab MVS\tab - Fixed ResetStyle Method  to avoid the docked form to be resizable (WS_THICKFRAME)}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 14/01/2001\tab MVS\tab - Created a HTML help file (.CHM) using HelpBuilder soon available for download at planet-source}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 14/01/2001\tab MVS\tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.6
\par 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 20/09/2001\tab ACK\tab - Fixed some bugs
\par 19/10/2001\tab ACK\tab - Added in the persistant property. Will now store previous layout for you.
\par 19/10/2001\tab ACK\tab - Configured it so it will appear the parent window has not lost focus when a
\par \tab \tab \tab   docked window has focus.
\par 
\par 12/11/2001\tab NR\tab - Added new property to TabDock Control - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 CaptionStyle}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par \tab \tab \tab   allows customised CaptionStyle of docked windows ranging from Visual C++  
\par                                       to Gradients. 
\par 
\par                                       Supported }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 CaptionStyles}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 
\par                                       tdCaptionNormal = 0
\par                                       tdCaptionEtched = 1
\par                                       tdCaptionSoft = 2
\par                                       tdCaptionRaised = 3
\par                                       tdCaptionRaisedInner = 4
\par                                       tdCaptionSunkenOuter = 5
\par                                       tdCaptionSunken = 6
\par                                       tdCaptionSingleRaisedBar = 7
\par                                       tdCaptionGradient = 8
\par 
\par 12/11/2001\tab NR\tab - New property added to TabDock.AddForm command - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Percent}{\f16\fs16\lang1046  (Optional)
\par \tab \tab \tab   allows a percentage to be applied to a docked form to determine how much                   
\par                                       of the panel it will occupy.
\par                                       New syntax -
\par }\pard \sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046  object.AddForm (Item As Object, [State As tdDockedState, [Align As tdAlignProperty, [Key As String, [Style As tdDockStyles, [}{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Percent as Long}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
]]]]]) (if no Percent is given the default is 10)
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 12/11/2001\tab NR\tab - Changed Toolbox bitmap and Custom Control Bitmap (appears on Form)
\par 15/11/2001\tab NR\tab - Changed the way windows dock in the top and bottom Panels. Windows now
\par \tab \tab \tab   Dock next to each other as opposed to on top of each other. Resizing of these
\par \tab \tab \tab   Windows has also been adjusted to allow for this change. 
\par 2002-2003\tab NR\tab - Various changes, these include
\par }\pard \li2160\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 - Caption bars for top and bottom docked forms are now drawn on the left as opposed above the form
\par }\pard \fi720\li1440\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 - New caption styles including OfficeXP
\par }\pard \li2160\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 - New button added to captionbar. Maximize. This allows all docked forms in a   panel to me collapsed and the form you click the button on to be maxmized to   full size.
\par }\pard \fi720\li1440\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 - Undocked forms were unable to be resized. Bug fixed.}{
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 Contact the author...
\par 
\par Author of Mods:
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 Ackbar
\par }{\f16\fs16\ul\cf2\lang1046 Ackbar81@hotmail.com <mailto:Ackbar81@hotmail.com>}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par http://acksoft.hypermart.net
\par 
\par Neal Rushforth (NR)
\par neal.rushforth@blueyonder.co.uk}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 Marclei V Silva
\par marclei@spnorte.com
\par S\'e3o Paulo - Brazil
\par http://www.spnorte.com
\par 
\par January, 2001
\par }{\f16\fs20\ul\lang1046 
\par }}